and here mega has built this huge halo
guy and they've got a great display I'm
going to show you
the halo doors let's have a look here is
mega super cool table
there train table with all their a
little stuff and you guys in the
comments tell me what these vehicles are
okay I'm not even going to try you tell
me what these are okay who these guys
are
I'm sure all these have been out already
but it's just really cool see how they
put it into this terrain table
they're having a war I haven't seen I
don't think I saw the Arctic camo guy
the missile launcher on the table out
before
I know that
that's a dropship I hope am i right if
I'm wrong you guys will tell me about it
won't you and
or of the warthogs I know that but they
come in several configurations
I do not know what this vehicle is tell
me Gus yeah clearly it's a covenant
vehicle
and there's a drop pod we played with
those
let's get that final read is this the
long short or the short sword guys let's
get final all of that you know we've
been fighting about this for a long time
I'll check the backseat later
clearly a triple a weapon anti-aircraft
weapons
and there's one most
Thanks
you know I can't like the cabinet
vehicles letters I want to join the
covenant army
and you can see right into the cockpit
of this guy he's got some control panel
there it's pretty much
a lot of fighting going on here
there's a better view they are two camo
warthogs
rocket launching Arctic camo vehicle
this one has tracks
again you can see right into his cockpit
there his old control panel
that's a very cool table I want to take
the whole table home but they've got a
guard they've got a security guard here
who will tackle me if I try to take this
stuff home because I know people would
want it
and let's see this pooled car and mega
took a BMW x6m and dressed it up and
UNSC halo colors this is a very cool
vehicle let's have a look at it there's
a serial number on it basically it's a
stock vehicle except they added
aftermarket rims and tires and applied
vinyl to it with the halo colors it's a
very full vehicle I mean if you drove
down the road you will be turning some
heads for sure
looking at this vehicle like this it's
so big I can't even get it in the camera
sipping fw i want it
where's the keys